README.md, before:

# 🧠AI✨ Feature 🍌🙉 ... and 👨‍🔬Research🧪

## Description of each Directory 📜
- `notes` contains the **rokes-skills jsons**, and some brainstorming
- `public` contains a static site that is hosted / served by the server
- `src`
    - Every file inside `src` contains an `Example` section (a commented block of code at the end of the file)
    - Some of the examples use paths to **files that are not included, (you must change the path)**
    - **Short description of every file:**
        - `lima.js` For fetching data from the local ollama server.
        - `qexecutor.js` For executing tasks sequentially in a queue.
        - `textract.js` For extracting text from files.
        - `mail.js` For sending emails ... **Must use your own gmail and [Google App Password](https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords?pli=1&rapt=AEjHL4OXXKazkNei9K3IXoyWP0j7RrXfYRN6ynWifgijP32H0ImSIBfuO1tspi39NWe-AkyckGEFgXOmg5Ib2xX1ZspJusFz20bl6EvJy_430U64V_09QfI)**.
        - `server.js` Contains the express server. 
        - `constants.js` Just contants stored there.
        - `jwt.js` **[Unused]** Just some code on how to use JSON Web Tokens.

## Setup 🏗️
 1. Install Ollama
     - On **UNIX**: `curl -fsSL https://ollama.com/install.sh | sh`
     - On **Mac**, download from [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download/mac)
     - On Win**BLOWS**, download [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download/windows)
 2. Install at least 2 models: `ollama pull deepseek-r1:1.5b llama3.2`
 3. Check ollama server is running (default) on port `11434` (default). Just run `ollama serve`
 4. Install npm dependencies with `npm update`

## Run 🏎️
1. Run with `npm start` or `node src/server.js`
2. Open static site in the browser at `localhost:3000/index.html`

Commit message:

added deepseek API, we remove personal data before sending to deepseek

README.md, after:

# 🧠AI✨ Feature 🍌🙉 ... and 👨‍🔬“Research”🧪

## Description of each Directory 📜
- `notes` contains the **rokes-skills jsons**, and some brainstorming
- `public` contains a static site that is hosted / served by the server
- `src`
    - Every file inside `src` contains an `Example` section (a commented block of code at the end of the file)
    - Some of the examples use paths to **files that are not included, (you must change the path)**
    - **Short description of every file:**
        - `lima.js` For fetching data from the local ollama server.
        - `deepseek.js` For fetching data from deepseek API
        - `qexecutor.js` For executing tasks sequentially in a queue.
        - `textract.js` For extracting text from files.
        - `mail.js` For sending emails ... **Must use your own gmail and [Google App Password](https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords?pli=1&rapt=AEjHL4OXXKazkNei9K3IXoyWP0j7RrXfYRN6ynWifgijP32H0ImSIBfuO1tspi39NWe-AkyckGEFgXOmg5Ib2xX1ZspJusFz20bl6EvJy_430U64V_09QfI)**.
        - `server.js` Contains the express server. 
        - `constants.js` Just constants.

## Setup 🏗️
 1. Install Ollama
     - On **UNIX**: `curl -fsSL https://ollama.com/install.sh | sh`
     - On **Mac**, download from [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download/mac)
     - On Win**BLOWS**, download from [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download/windows)
 2. Install at least 2 models: `ollama pull deepseek-r1:1.5b llama3.2`
 3. Check ollama server is running (default) on port `11434` (default). Just run `ollama serve`
 4. Install npm dependencies with `npm update`

## Run 🏎️
1. Run with `npm start` or `node src/server.js`
2. Open static site in the browser at `localhost:3000/index.html`
